feat(gen apis): add audio transcription API (#5686)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/how-to/query-audio-models.mdx

You can query the models programmatically using your favorite tools or languages.
In the example that follows, we will use the OpenAI Python client.

### Chat Completions API or Audio Transcriptions API?

Both the [Chat Completions API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/generative-apis/#path-chat-completions-create-a-chat-completion) and the [Audio Transcriptions API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/generative-apis/#path-audio-create-an-audio-transcription) are OpenAI-compatible REST APIs that accept audio input.

> The **Chat Completions API** is more suitable when transcribing audio input is part of a broader task, rather than a pure transcription task. For example, building a voice chat assistant which listens and responds in natural language, or sending multiple inputs (audio and text) to be interpreted. This API can be used for audio tasks with compatible multimodal models, such as `voxtral-small-24b`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Audio Transcriptions API** is designed for pure speech-to-text (audio transcription) tasks, such as transcribing a voice note or meeting recording file. It can be used with compatible audio models, such as `whisper-large-v3`.
```

The **Audio Transcriptions API** is designed for pure speech-to-text (audio transcription) tasks, such as transcribing a voice note or meeting recording file. It can be used with compatible audio models, such as `whisper-large-v3`.

<Message type="note">
Scaleway's support for the Audio Transcriptions API is currently at beta stage. Support of the full feature set will be incremental.
</Message>

> For full details on the differences between these APIs, see the [official OpenAI documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/audio#choosing-the-right-api).

Reviewer: I am not sure we should redirect users to OpenAI documentation (even though it's kind of the reference, this could be confusing as they mention mostly specific models and many APIs we don't implement yet). I would suggest to send them towards our own version of a similar page, or our documentation (eg. https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/generative-apis/)
